Added a link to broaden description on SSL (#1778)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Security/index.md

## SSL/HTTPS

> We highly encourage the use of [SSL](https://hosting.review/web-hosting-glossary/#12)/HTTPS on Umbraco websites especially in production environments. By using HTTPS you greatly improve the security of your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly encourage the use of [SSL](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Transport_Layer_Protection_Cheat_Sheet.html#providing-transport-layer-protection-with-ssltls)/HTTPS on Umbraco websites especially in production environments. By using HTTPS you greatly improve the security of your website.
```

Reviewer: Hey @MatthewBellwood

Thanks a lot for making a contribution to our documentation. I agree that explaining a bit more why changing to SSL is a good idea would benefit the documentation.

We don't like linking to sites we don't know though, so instead I replaced your suggested link with OWASP's own description of why to use TLS 🙂
